Defining parameters (#4678)
adafruit/circuitpython: docs/design_guide.rst

    :param ~busio.I2C i2c_bus: The I2C bus the DS3231 is connected to.
    :param int address: The I2C address of the device. Defaults to :const:`0x40`

> Parameters Documentation

Author: Solved IN https://github.com/adafruit/circuitpython/pull/4678/commits/9c12b180c843d76067bb5b6471c572bea280a379

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Although there are different ways to document class and functions definitions in Python,
the following is the prevalent method of doing parameters documentations
for CircuitPython libraries. When documenting class parameters you should use the
following structure:

.. code-block:: sh

    :param param_type param_name: Parameter_description

param_type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Type of the parameter. This could be among other `int`, `float`, `str` `bool`, etc.

Reviewer: This change is not necessary, but is worth considering.
```suggestion
The type of the parameter. This could be among other `int`, `float`, `str` `bool`, etc.
```

> When referring to different objects in the CircuitPython domain you need to include the reference
> by adding a ``~`` before the definition as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: Consider the following wording:
```suggestion
To document an object in the CircuitPython domain, you need to include a ``~`` before the 
definition as shown in the following example:
```

.. code-block:: sh

    :param ~busio.I2C i2c_bus: The I2C bus the DS3231 is connected to.

> To include references to CircuitPython modules cookiecutter creates an entry in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include references to CircuitPython modules, cookiecutter creates an entry in the
```

> intersphinx_mapping entry in the ``conf.py`` file located within the ``docs`` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intersphinx_mapping section in the ``conf.py`` file located within the ``docs`` directory.
```

> To add different types outside CircuitPython you need to add more definition to intersphinx_mapping::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add different types outside CircuitPython you need to include them in the intersphinx_mapping::
```

    intersphinx_mapping = {
        "python": ("https://docs.python.org/3.4", None),
        "BusDevice":("https://circuitpython.readthedocs.io/projects/busdevice/en/latest/", None,),
        "CircuitPython": ("https://circuitpython.readthedocs.io/en/latest/", None),
    }

> The inthersphinx_mapping above include reference to the Python, BusDevice and CircuitPython

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intersphinx_mapping above includes references to Python, BusDevice and CircuitPython
```

Documentation

param_name
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Parameter name used in the class or method definition

Parameter_description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Parameter description. When the parameter defaults to a particular values, it is a good

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameter description. When the parameter defaults to a particular value, it is good
```

> practice to mention this::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
practice to include the default::
```

  :param float degrees: Degrees to turn right

Documentation References to other Libraries
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When you need to make references to documentation in other libraries you should refer the class using single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to reference documentation in other libraries you should include the class by using single
```
